Navigator Tile version switching (#3014)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios: CHANGELOG.md

* Developers can create an instance of `NavigationViewController` from `UIStoryboardSegue`, which is located in `Navigation.storyboard`. To successfully create `NavigationViewController` instance developer has to pre-define `route`, `routeIndex`, `routeOptions` and `navigationOptions` properties of `NavigationViewController` in `UIViewController.prepare(for:sender:)`. ([#2974](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/2974))
* Added methods for convenience checking Navigation tiles in a `TileStore`: `containsLatestNavigationTiles(forCacheLocation:, completion:)`, `tileRegionContainsLatestNavigationTiles(forId:, cacheLocation:, completion:)` and methods for getting Navigation tiles from `TilesetDescriptorFactory`: `getLatest(forCacheLocation:)`, `getSpecificVersion(forCacheLocation:, version:)`. ([#3015](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3015))
* Fixed a thread-safety issue in `UnimplementedLogging` protocol implementation. ([#3024](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3024))

> * Implemented automatic switching to older navigation tiles versions (if they are present in current `TileStore`) and back. You can subscribe to `navigationDidSwitchToFallbackVersion` with selected version at `tilesVersionKey` user info key and `navigationDidSwitchToTargetVersion` notifications to monitor such events. ([#3014](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3014))

Reviewer: Nit: Symbols need to be fully qualified in order for jazzy to automatically link them:

```suggestion
* Implemented automatic switching to older navigation tiles versions (if they are present in current `TileStore`) and back. You can subscribe to `Notification.Name.navigationDidSwitchToFallbackVersion` and `Notification.Name.navigationDidSwitchToTargetVersion` notifications to monitor such events. ([#3014](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-ios/pull/3014))
```
